[ADD] product_images: basic documentation to generate the credentials (#1007)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/product_images.rst

==============
Product images
==============

The product images are very useful in Odoo, for example, to quickly find a product or check if you 
scanned the right one, but it can be a bit painful to set up especially if you have a lot of 

> products. **Google Custom Search** allows finding images automatically for your product, based on 

Reviewer: "The Product Image module" allows... ? Most other doc pages are bad examples.

@jcs-odoo needs your advice here too.

> products. **Google Custom Search** allows finding images automatically for your product, based on 

Reviewer 2: About the **page title**, I don't see any reason to hide Google since that's exactly what this doc is about.
I would go for something like "Automatic product images with Google Image". What's interesting here is the fact that you can populate plenty of product images **automatically**.

"Product images" alone as a page title is borderline misleading.

> products. **Google Custom Search** allows finding images automatically for your product, based on 

Reviewer 2: About the description, I personally wouldn't go for what's "painful" nor advertise a feature as a starter. That's a bit too "marketing" for a documentation page ^^ (same for "keeping your focus on what matters in your business").

The documentation isn't a place to sell our product, but to inform.

If you consider my comment above, the automatic population of product images is what's this doc is really about. So the intro would be mostly describing this, using Google Custom Search (in bold, that's fine)

their barcode, keeping your focus on what matters in your business.

.. _product_images/configuration:

Configuration
=============

This functionnality requires configuration both on Google and on Odoo.

With a free Google account, you can get up to 100 free images per day. If you need more images, 
you'll have to upgrade to a billing account.

.. _product_images/google-api-dashboard:

Google API dashboard
--------------------

#. Go to `Google Cloud Platform API & Services <https://console.developers.google.com/>`__ page
   to generate Google Custom Search API credentials. Log in with your Google account.

#. Select or create an API project to store the credentials if not yet done before. Give it an 
   explicit name (e.g. Odoo Images).

> #. In the credentials section, click on `Create Crendentials` and select `API Keys`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. In the credentials section, click on `Create Credentials` and select `API Keys`.
```

   .. image:: product_images/google-images-credentials00.png
      :align: center

> #. Save it, you'll need it for the next step in Odoo !

Reviewer: Save what? I don't know what I'm supposed to have created at this point.

> #. Use the search bar to find for `Google Custom Search API` and select it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Use the search bar to look for `Google Custom Search API` and select it.
```

   .. image:: product_images/google-images-credentials01.png
      :align: center

#. Enable the API.

   .. image:: product_images/google-images-credentials02.png
      :align: center

.. _product_images/google-pse-dashboard:

Google Programmable Search dashboard
------------------------------------

> #. Go to `Google Programmable Search Engine <https://programmablesearchengine.google.com/>`__ and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to `Google Programmable Search Engine
   <https://programmablesearchengine.google.com/>`_ and
```

Reviewer: If the line is > 100 char, yes. Otherwise, no.

   click on `Get Started`. Log in with your Google account.

   .. image:: product_images/google-images-credentials03.png
      :align: center

#. Fill the language and the name of the search engine. Give it an explicit name
   (e.g. Odoo Images).

   .. note::
      Google doesn't allow to create a search engine without having entered at least one specific
      site to search on. You can put any website (e.g. www.google.com) for this step, we will
      remove it later.

#. Validate the form by clicking on `Create`. Then, go to the edition mode of the search engine
   that you created (either by clicking on `Control Panel` on the confirmation page or by
   clicking on the name of your Search Engine on the Home page).

> #. In the basics tab, make sure to enable Image search, SafeSearch and Search the entire web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In the **basics** tab, make sure to enable **Image search**, **SafeSearch**, and **Search the entire web**.
```

>    .. note::
>       Once `Search the entire web` enabled, you can safely delete the site that you previously
>       entered at the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. note::
      Once `Search the entire web` is enabled, you can safely delete the site that you
      put at the previous step.
```

> #. Save your **Search Engine Id**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Save your **Search Engine Id**. You’ll need it for the next step in Odoo!
```

>    .. tip::
>       You can easily save your Search Engine ID by clicking on the Copy to clipboard button next to
>       it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
They will figure that out.

.. _product_images/setup-in-odoo:

Odoo
----

#. Go to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings --> Integrations`,
   activate **Google Images** and save.

#. Go back to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings`, enter your **API Key** and
   **Search Engine ID** in Google Images settings and save again.

> #. The setup is now ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. _product_images/get-product-images:

Automatically get your product images in Odoo
=============================================

The action to automatically get your product images in Odoo appears in any Products or Product
Variants list view. Here is a step-by-step guide from the Inventory app.

#. Go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Products --> Products` or :menuselection:`Inventory -->

>    Products --> Product Variants`.

Reviewer 3: Maybe too specific, could be useful to explain that any product menu does the trick.

Author: What do you think of one of these two alternatives?

"Go to :menuselection:`Any application that use products --> Products --> Products` or :menuselection:`Any application that use products --> Products --> Product Variants`."

"Go to the Products menu (:menuselection:`Products --> Products` or :menuselection:`Products --> Products Variants`) from any application that uses products like Inventory or Sale"

#. On the list view, select the products that needs an image.

   .. important::

>       Only the 10K first products or product variants selected will be processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Only the 10,000 first selected products or product variants will be processed.
```

>    .. note::
>       Only the products or product variants with a barcode and without an image will be processed.
>       If you select a product that has one or more variants from the Products view, each variant
>       matching the previous criteria will be processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. note::
      Only the products or product variants with a barcode and without an image will be processed.

   .. note::
      If you select a product that has one or more variants from the Products view, each variant
      matching the previous criteria will be processed.
```

#. In the action menu, select `Get Pictures from Google Images` and validate by clicking on 
   `Get picture`.

#. You should see your images appearing incrementally.

   .. note::
      Only the 10 first images are fetched immediatly. If you selected more than 10, the rest will

>       be fetched as a background job, so you can continue doing your work while illustrating your
>       products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      be fetched as a background job.
```
It sounds like you can resume painting your products while the cron fetches the images.

Author: ![Painting my forehead](https://64.media.tumblr.com/87862fca1f104ca2c42f8784689930ec/tumblr_n0idxh3bL21s01qkyo1_500.gifv)

>       The background job process about 100 images in a minute. If you reach the quota authorized
>       by Google (either with a free or a paid plan), the background job will put itself on hold
>       for 24 hours and continue right where he stopped the day before. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. note::
      The background job process about 100 images in a minute. If you reach the quota authorized
      by Google (either with a free or a paid plan), the background job will put itself on hold
      for 24 hours and continue right where he stopped the day before. 
```

>       The background job process about 100 images in a minute. If you reach the quota authorized
>       by Google (either with a free or a paid plan), the background job will put itself on hold
>       for 24 hours and continue right where he stopped the day before. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The background job process about 100 images in a minute. If you reach the quota authorized
      by Google (either with a free or a paid plan), the background job will put itself on hold
      for 24 hours and continue where it stopped the day before. 
```

   clicking on the name of your Search Engine on the Home page).

#. In the **basics** tab, make sure to enable **Image search**, **SafeSearch** and 
   **Search the entire web**.

   .. note::
      Once **Search the entire web** is enabled, you can safely delete the site that you put at the 
      previous step.

#. Save your **Search Engine Id**. You’ll need it for the next step in Odoo!

.. _product_images/setup-in-odoo:

Odoo
----

#. Go to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings --> Integrations`,
   activate **Google Images** and save.

#. Go back to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings--> Integrations`, enter your **API Key**
   and **Search Engine ID** in **Google Images** settings and save again.

.. _product_images/get-product-images:

Automatically get your product images in Odoo
=============================================

The action to automatically get your product images in Odoo appears in any Products or Product
Variants list view. Here is a step-by-step guide from the Inventory app.

#. Go to the Products menu (:menuselection:`Products --> Products` or :menuselection:`Products --> 

>    Product Variants`) from any application that uses products like Inventory or Sale.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Product Variants`) from any application that uses products like Inventory or Sales.
```

#. On the list view, select the products that needs an image.

   .. important::
      Only the 10,000 first selected products or product variants will be processed.

>    .. note::
>       Only the products or product variants with a barcode and without an image will be processed.
>    
>    .. note::
>       If you select a product that has one or more variants from the Products view, each variant
>       matching the previous criteria will be processed.

Reviewer 2: You can group notes, imo

```suggestion
   .. note::
      - Only the products or product variants with a barcode and without an image will be processed.
      - If you select a product that has one or more variants from the Products view, each variant
        matching the previous criteria will be processed.
```

Reviewer: I suggested to split them when it was still a single paragraph but, as a bulleted list, it's fine too :+1:

#. In the action menu, select **Get Pictures from Google Images** and validate by clicking on 
   **Get picture**.

#. You should see your images appearing incrementally.

>    .. note::
>       Only the 10 first images are fetched immediatly. If you selected more than 10, the rest will
>       be fetched as a background job.
> 
>    .. note::
>       The background job process about 100 images in a minute. If you reach the quota authorized
>       by Google (either with a free or a paid plan), the background job will put itself on hold
>       for 24 hours and continue where it stopped the day before. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. note::
      - Only the 10 first images are fetched immediatly. If you selected more than 10, the rest will
        be fetched as a background job.
      - The background job process about 100 images in a minute. If you reach the quota authorized
        by Google (either with a free or a paid plan), the background job will put itself on hold
        for 24 hours and continue where it stopped the day before. 
```

      If you select a product that has one or more variants from the Products view, each variant
      matching the previous criteria will be processed.

#. In the action menu, select `Get Pictures from Google Images` and validate by clicking on 
   `Get picture`.

> #. You should see your images appearing in the next few minutes.

Reviewer 4: @chevalierv I would say 'You should see your images appearing incrementally'
Instead of 'few minutes'
